Ohrwurm

My name is Timothy Shenanigans and once upon a time I was teleported to the city of Berlin with nothing but the clothes on my back, this is my story.

I stood in my pajamas on an abandoned, dimly lit street, with only the familiar smell of freshly baked pastries from the mom-and-pop Baeckerei nearby.

A man in Lederhose stumbled out of the Ratskeller and smiled when he smelled the sweet bready treats.

A BMW with Rammstein blaring from the stereo raced down the street and screeched to a halt in front of the man.

Der kleine Hund gracefully stepped out of the vehicle sporting his dirndil proudly and promptly walks up to Timothy,"Der Apfelkuchen ist einfach das beste Geback."

I jumped at the sight in front of me, falling back and landing on a table at the biergarten where a flour bunny was eating a plate of bratwurst.  

Mehlhase looked up at me in surprise before quickly becoming angry, "do you mind, you are blocking the klimaanlage and I'm getting the meat sweats from eating so many bratwurst".

As Mehlhase hurriedly brushed me aside, I could do nothing but stare as a small Hund peered back over her shoulder exclaiming, "We have the meats!".

Mehlhase assumed a fortified stance over her bratwurst, akin to that of Eltz and resumed eating as if to be wettbewerbsfaehig.

The man in lederhosen whispered an ohrwurm quietly in my ear "Best be down the Hauptstrasse, for some Doener and Brot, if you anger the locals any more, they'll turn you in to Brat!"

My gehirn öffnete ein schloss and I realized I was the man in lederhosen and Mehlhase was my instructor.

With a twinkle in my eye and a mischevious smile, I grabbed a handful of bratwurst while jumping into my cherry red Porsche, and sped off down Hauptstrasse, yelling "Ich komme morgen zu spät zum Unterricht!"

Unfortunately, my hands were greasy from the bratwurst and I failed to steer the Porsche.

To my suprise, the Porsche hit a baeckerei and gebaeck and bratwursts when flying all across town, I bet some even made it to Berlin!

Remember kids never drive after having a drink at the biergarten and especially not with a bratwurst in each hand.

The porsche, having a mind of it's owned, made an abrupt turn into the Flughafen, hurtling down the runway and into the sky.

For you see, Rammstein was playing tonight at a nearby schloss, and as it turns out the whole class was going!

All of the sudden the time froze and everything started to spin and I realized I was transported to the center of Berlin. 